How many years of Web development experience do you have?

I’ve been developing for 6 years now. I started back in high school freelancing on oDesk.com (now upwork.com) starting with simple PSD to HTML/CSS conversions. I’ve been developing professionally for Robert Half for the last 2 years and my skills have grown tremendously since. 


How many years of JavaScript experience do you have?

3 years so far, mostly using jQuery for DOM manipulation and simple functions. But recently have been diving into more in-depth libraries and frameworks such as Angular.js and the like. 


How many years of HTML5 experience do you have?

6 years.


How many years of CSS3 experience do you have?

Since it came out in the early 2000’s! About 4-5 years taking advantage of CSS3 features.



How do you Ruby on Rails experience? If so, how many years?

Ruby on Rails is something i’ve been learning recently, so my experience is < 1 year. I have however successfully deployed my own ruby app (on my windows pc ugh) and set up my own database migrations and it’s something I definitely want to learn more about and gain more experience with under some professional guidance. 


What are your opinions on Agile software development?

To be honest I am not super familiar with the practices as I’m not a software developer per se but after a bit of research I can definitely agree with and get behind their principles. It seems like an effective and efficient way to develop with a team in general and I would love to learn more about it.


Do you have experience with Paper Prototyping? If so, how do you feel about it?

I currently work from Photoshop PSD’s that are set up nicely for me and code from there, but I have defiantly paper prototyped in the past especially when trying to work my head around backend databases. I feel with front-end I can come up with most UI visuals in my head but 


What are you looking for in a job?

The #1 thing I am looking for in a job is potential for me to grow as a developer. In my quest to become the best developer I can be a job that can teach me and provide guidance for best practices and new technologies is a huge plus. My last job became very stagnant with no potential to become better as I mastered their work flow and I’m looking to keep advancing. 


Are you legal to work in the US? 
Yes


When can you start?

Immediately
